# Question 1
Consider the following code:

```js
Promise.resolve('Inside promise').then(console.log);
console.log('Outside promise')
```

Which prints first: `Inside promise` or `Outside promise`. More importantly, can you explain why?

# Answer
Of the two messages in the provided code snippet, the `outside promise` message will print to the console first. This is because the outside promise operation is **synchronous JS** while the inside promise operation is **asynchronous JS**. A key factor as to why this will print first is that synchronous operations will always complete first before the program can do anything. Therefore, asynchronous operations will always print only after synchronous ones, no matter how short the operation takes to execute.

To elaborate, **synchronous JS** refers to the traditional JavaScript execution model as we know it, where each statement of code is executed sequentially, one after another, following the call stack sequence. Synchronous operations are executed in the order they appear. If an operation is incomplete or fails, the program will not move on to the next but instead block the subsequent code's execution. In the given code, the `console.log('Outside promise')` statement executes synchronously, printing "Outside promise" immediately.

In contrast, **asynchronous JS** is what allows certain operations to be executed independently of the main execution thread (Eloquent Javascript, 2019). Asynchronous operations, such as promises, are generally reserved for tasks that take time to complete. These tasks can include waiting for user input or network requests, such as fetching data from a server. So when JavaScript encounters asynchronous code, it doesn't wait for the operation to finish before moving on to the following line of code. Instead, it delegates the execution of asynchronous tasks to mechanisms like events and promises, allowing it to continue executing subsequent code regardless of its completion status. Once the asynchronous operation is completed, JS triggers the respective callback function or promise resolution. In the meantime, the rest of the code continues its execution.

In the provided code, the `Promise.resolve('Inside promise').then(console.log)` statement, again, is asynchronous. So even though this asynchronous statement comes before the synchronous statement line after it, JS will execute the synchronous code first.

# Teacher Feedback
This is probably the best answer, I have ever seen for this question. It's so eloquent, and shows deep understanding of the underlying mechanics of whats actually happing when the code executes.

Very well done!
